feat(js): global script with support for linking from CDN (#378)
RBND-studio/flows-sdk: examples/js/cdn/README.md

# Flows JavaScript CDN example

An example project showcasing how to use Flows with JavaScript loaded from CDN to build product adoption experiences.

<!-- TODO: add cover image -->
<!-- ![Cover](./cover.png) -->

> This example is basic HTML page extended with the [`@flows/js`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flows/js) and [`@flows/js-components`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flows/js-components) packages to demonstrate how to integrate Flows into your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is basic HTML page extended with the [`@flows/js`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flows/js) and [`@flows/js-components`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flows/js-components) packages loaded from a CDN to demonstrate how to integrate Flows into your app without using npm.
```
